product-preview-card-component-main/README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Results summary component solution

This is a solution to the [Results summary component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/results-summary-component-CE_K6s0maV). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for interactive elements

### Links

- Solution URL: https://github.com/jidanrestu/frontend-mentor-challenges/tree/main/product-preview-card-component-main
- Live Site URL: https://frontend-mentor-challenges-jires.vercel.app/product-preview-card-component-main/index.html

## My process

### Built with

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript

## Author

- Website - [Jidan Restu Kurniawan](https://jidanrestu.github.io/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@jidanrestu](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/jidanrestu)

Commit message:

Continuation from the previous commit
- Add QR Code Component
- NFT Preview Card Component
- Order Summary Component

product-preview-card-component-main/README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Product preview card component solution

This is a solution to the [Product preview card component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/product-preview-card-component-GO7UmttRfa). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for interactive elements

### Links

- Solution URL: https://github.com/jidanrestu/frontend-mentor-challenges/tree/main/product-preview-card-component-main
- Live Site URL: https://frontend-mentor-challenges-jires.vercel.app/product-preview-card-component-main/index.html

## My process

### Built with

- HTML
- CSS

## Author

- Website - [Jidan Restu Kurniawan](https://jidanrestu.github.io/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@jidanrestu](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/jidanrestu)
